Do you believe what might as a secretary select the board?
Do you have an idea for the trustee?
No, you're not.
And if we consider him unqualified or unqualified,
so soon he'll be the one who's right to be sure.
The sooning the facts to be true, exactly as he was saying that
I, personally, would not trust the individual,
the unborn, for what you can put him unqualified.
I would consider that I wouldn't select him,
and I wouldn't qualify him.
I would think there was enough of a confirmation of his case.
And if you had a true act,
then you know what I would say about the trustee.
The facts are he allowed his home to be used for fundraising.
To go out and use for a technical service.
It's certainly funny for my trustee.
It doesn't work for the trustee.
I can buy books to be raising money for a fund.
I will trust him.
He has to pay the fee.
The idea is using the technical service.
I only have to use the question Mr. Adams.
If you'll be quiet, my trustee,
then it's been used for ever anyone.
Okay, Mr. Adams,
the sitting with the hypothetical question is assuming
that this man allowed his home to be used
for a long party sporting the testimony
for the purpose of raising funds for an organization
which had been previously listed
as a front floor and doing the work of the Communist Party
at the assume that the person who to the party
was known to him
was the only company to simplify it.
Would you say about additional funds?
Good, particularly this qualifying set on the board.
I'd say it would be serious
and would be another fact that he would be considered.
Well, you think of a disqualifying.
The William K. would disqualify him with he
in the fact that he was a fact-worthy.
And if the chairman of the right-hand commission
was not a short and a little thing,
you are not meant to ask the commission.
I have no further questions.
Mr. Chair, amen.
Mr. McAllen, that's one question.
I understand you would say that this Mr. X
sometimes last October or November
had his security clearance removed
the security clearance was listed in a file
or the first week of November.
You call it listed.
Well, I say listed.
It was remodeled.
It's one of the standards.
And then when was it restored or left back down?
In about a month.
After the examination of the individual's background.
After the proper authorities.
Considered the evidence against it.
He was restored to security clearance.
That's my understanding.
Well, you say you're unfairly.
Now, you test find some knowledge.
Yes, I have.
How if I don't give you an answer to this question?
I don't want it.
I don't want you to.
But I don't want that record left.
Well, I'll just give you the same.
Well, I go, you was restored.
You don't know.
I don't want that test removed.
I don't want to define that.
You want restored.
All right, you want restored.
Whim.
About a month after a security clearance was suspended.
He was suspended for about a month.
From about the first of November to April about the first of December, 1953.
Thank you.
That's all I want.
One question is shared.
It's rather than what does the full security clearance entitled him to see?
By way of documents.
Well, full security clearance here day rather inaccurate.
The sketch of the term is Mr. Cohn.
That's right.
And that is determined to be used in the transcript.
Any individual who has a security clearance is entitled to see documents of that classification.
If he has a top secret clearance or a secret clearance, he can see about a document of that
classification provided he has a need to see them to do his work.
And if he doesn't have a need to see them to do his work, the fact that he has a clearance
that's not entitled to.
So listen to the duel with whatever his claim was entitled within the scope of his work to see documents of that classification.
If he has no clearance, he could see.
If he has a top financial and top secret clearance, he could see restricted confidential secret or top secret when it was necessary in the picture of this work.
Do you know as a matter of knowledge whether he has top secret clearance?
But my recollection that he has top secret clearance.
That's all.
Is that all part of that?
I have done it to my right.
Any time again.
It's about all part of that.
Can I look at it and see if you can?
Just one request of the chair, I think you can go on with one or two questions.
Mr. Chairman, do the question when you're taking this before this committee.
I wonder if it will be not a good idea that we would either have someone in my staff or someone in the committee staff.
Take out the parts that are pertinent to Mr. Exxoncase.
So then that's Mr. Welch, Mr. Adam.
We can be sure that we have the impact pictured.
And I don't know how that made a part of the record deleting the names.
I think it's rather important to make one typical case to show the types of individuals who were...
The Army had been supplied with a transcript of the entire...
I haven't asked a bottle of transcript for my father's transcript.
It's not in material...
I think I was here.
I think there's a function in the church that night.
Well, who's in the...
Well, whatever documentation you want to inspire about, I'll let you say it.
Then we'll offer that for both of records.
Remain.
For the public name, it's a list.
For the name of the priest.
We've had a available public record of Adam and Day or something.
And because of the code...
I have a picture of the posters that made a collection.
And people on my side thought that I'd be out there.
That it would be available to us.
Internationally, if you could just...
...it would be a certain age or two.
So you hear it as well as the collection.
If you're calling to anybody for the print of the stamp, I'd point it over to you.
I'm sure the committee reserves the right to check all the liations and compare the full records.
This is a document of the committees I understand.
It is.
So we would have access to it if you're teaching the rules.
No question about that, sir.
We can't know what an understanding is.
I'm sure the chair agrees that any things that'll be deleted from the monitor's conversation by the individual unilateral cooperative attitudes of the various councils will be submitted to the committee by our two of the liations.
Unless they involve security matters, I might say.
I think that's the way they are.
So high in security that they cannot be shown to the committee.
I do not see how they can be shown to the committee council or to other council.
I think anything that is deleted by the agreement of council between the Army and this committee and Senator McCarthy and his staff should be deleted only with the approval of this committee.
Mr. Moore, may I ask?
Mr. Moore, the son of Simon, he raises a very pertinent point, but the chair must confess he doesn't know how to solve this and give solve puzzle.
Exactly.
Unless we give to the Attorney General or somebody's the right to determine if I'm a security clerk.
I'm not sure that's the way I am.
You might not be able to be better in the Secretary's office, but I don't know what I can determine security enough.
I'm going to raise another point of order at the end of the day with Chairman.
In my opinion, if the Attorney General of the United States is interrogated with respect to the matters brought up this afternoon, we should be interrogated in an open hearing and not in an executive hearing.
Well, the chair does not understand the senator from his jury to suggest that on these monitors he's from call.
So we can tell we get to the Attorney General, I was curious.
I said I would like to make another point of order for the end of the day, Mr. Chairman.
One I'll do with the monitoring comment that you've just had to do with the discussion with respect to Mr. Brownhill.
Mr. Kohn has given the chair some happy information.
I think he said he had just one or two more questions from Mr. Adams and that's correct.
I'd like to get him started so we can hold him to that.
Very good.
I'll let Mr. Kohn.
I'll never follow the panel.
You have a point of order before you are.
Mr. Jackson was referenced to let the Brownhill's testimony, my understanding of the executive meeting was not that they'd testimony.
But that led to order and a nature and a nature of a conference to ascertain how to proceed with respect to the senator's request from the conference.
I have never considered to take him what I regard as important testimony in exactly hearing.
I said the senator is correct, but yes, we do decide exactly to hear to talk to Mr. Brownhill.
It was brought up this afternoon that that talking would be done in executive hearing.
The help that I thank my colleague from Arkansas, the point I want to make is that if the decision is to bring up these matters with the Attorney General,
that it'd be done in open hearing, after the decision is made and not in executive hearing.
I'm sure all those things can be worked out from the hearing.
Our executive statement will determine whether to ask the Attorney General to come and trust us.
I'll make your phone, I do hope that these other efforts have not changed your plan to be able to include a picture of it and see more questions.
One more in the comments.
Mr. Brownhill, right at the very end of the point I think we're talking about the relations in regard to Mr. Eck.
I want to make it fair that as far as I know there's no security information of any kind of nature.
I'm merely referring to the relation of names which follows the committee procedure not making public names to just an executive sign.
Mr. Eck, I've understood Mr. Cohen.
Yes.
Mr. Adams.
As Mr. Eck's been re-stought to the loyalty security screening board, no.
He is not no longer on that board.
He is not.
Is that right, sir?
That's right.
Now, I have no further questions from Mr. Adams.
Then everybody else, have any questions from Mr. Adams?
It's not the chairs about the dismissing and unsliding once again.
You are getting dismissed and unflung, Mr. Adams.
Thank you, sir.
Oh, I'm in 435.
425, almost 435. What's the pleasure of the committee?
I'll leave.
I'm going to reach out to the one-running attendee.
All right.
42 sessions and 11 days of testimony have been concluded to this time and the hearing of adjourned until tomorrow.
The Senate's subcommittee on Permanent Investigations meeting in the Senate's caucus room on Capitol Hill,
under dispute between Senator Joseph Scottie and the High Officials of the Army and the Femme Department.
The committee has voted to hold the one session tomorrow by the, and that in the morning.
There has to be no afternoon session tomorrow, according to a decision by the committee with afternoon.